# temp-calc
Temperature Calculator - Example of MVC Application Structure

Small Temperature Calculator Application illustrating one approach to implementing MVC.
Even with current break down of classes it is possible to change some of the MVC structures.

In this project following classes fulfill various MVC roles:
* TemperatureCalculatorUI    - Controller
  Fully controls creation of and interaction between Model and View

* TemperatureCalculatorModel - Model
  This is the model of the application, not the same as model of the domain of the application.
  It contains data and some behavior that implements data needed to meet needs of the application.

* TemperatureCalculatorView  - View
  This is view, view encapsulates layout and presentation of various parts of the user interface.
  In the interest of keeping the UI easily editable in the GUI Editor of NetBeans if need arises, the 
  TemperatureCalculatorViewDesign is almpost untouched from what is generated by the GUI Builder.
  The only modification is introduction of getters for ui widgets so that event handling registration could be done.

  In this implementation view is unaware of model of the view, although MVC does not preclude such a relationship.
  It is easy to see that controller instead of individualy updating parts of the view, can just say view.update(model)
  In this case there is complete decoupling, but it is not necessary.

There are also many other approaches, including those that do similar things with more direct data-binding.
Data-bidning is an approach in which various UI controls directly bind to the properties of Java Objects keeping User Interface and model synchronized.


